what we have planned today is we've got
four not so intelligent volunteers so
we're going to let me put them through
their paces we'll do a little bit of a
warm-up and then going through some
speed and agility work and we'll finish
with some speed endurance get a good
sweat on in here and then we'll go in
the weights gym and take them through a
sample of the type of weight training
strength training we do with the players
start the season this year the protein
works and everton was walking and
obviously Stevie's taken session now
about how best we could work with
everton to improve their recoveries so a
lot of Premiership sides out there kind
of get a higher shelf products and
they're not really bespoke was specific
to their needs and so Steve came to us
and Everton and we started working with
him within the lab to create formulas
that were specific and bespoke to each
individual player and so what we had
created afterwards was this bespoke
Recovery's longer that no one really
done in English football before both for
after matches and after training if the
importance of nutrition is massive
because you can only you can only
produce is what you feel and that's the
way we kind of handle things here at the
club is we want to make sure that before
we train we we feel them to the point
where they can perform where during
training we want to feel them so they
can maintain a high performance and then
after training you want to give them the
proper supplements to make sure that
they can recover and the protein works
up to this point has provided us with
every aspect of what we need to make
sure we hit every single one of those
variables but with a product that's a
very very clean chemical free and
preservative free which is really the
direction we want to go in as a club we
want to become more responsible in terms
of what we're giving the players not
just on a performance basis but on an
overall well-being they're all quite
well trained all the journalists case of
that and they all play football and I'm
hoping after today they get a real
insight not only from Steve but when we
provide all the supplements to them and
the nutrition support hopefully you know
they kind of see how much it can help so
tomorrow they won't be aching as much
hopefully today they'll get a little bit
more out of their workout then maybe
they were used to doing and that's the
thing really that's what we pride
ourselves under the protein was just
kind of providing that nutrition support
so you can go on love and beyond what
you used to do and hopefully the
experience at today I was quite taken
aback by the level of intensity and
preparation that goes into even the sort
of smaller exercises and you know
Steve super hair be really did some
tapas through it Constance
encouragements and you can see how each
exercise was tailored to a specific to a
need for a professional footballer beard
ility or speed or you know function yeah
it was good really interesting to see a
little glimpse of how the Gavin Boyes do
it in the end that's kind of what you
strive to do is learn from what people
at a top level are doing and then try to
apply them to what you're doing in a way
that pnina makes your activities more
effective so I think that we will take
it away indefinitely going to put
furniture
Oh